or there have already been a couple of tweets that were posted
for being a pain in the ass on twitter and I
got a ton of thanks for the reaction and
said look this is literal literal look I'm
bringing some sunflowers from the town two
seem like I've
seen it in the background said they don't go at all
with my mushrooms but oh well it's okay I've
posted a couple of tips to really get on my
nerves it's just that they
really seem hypocritical to me they really seem
hypocritical to me and I want to see what
you guys think I don't know maybe I'm a little
exaggerated maybe I'm a little
exaggerated but it seemed very
hypocritical to me okay what I saw it turns out
that today something very serious happened and it
is that youtube in its break has
closed the channel of willy rex
I think they will be returned to the channel
and then ibai has posted this tweet
either we return the channel to willy rex or are we
going to have problems you and I youtube
is listening to me like this in a
humorous tone no thanks sirio like he is no no
forgive me I was seeing something
and I say and I say
and what's the difference between when they give
willy red's channel to close  and when it is
launched with they observed arda won
what difference is not because it is double
standards
because this double standards
was not that funny to us I was going to go because I do not
bet Spanish is Willy's channel
has died
that in fact William would have
taken the joke better because Will
knowing that the channel was going to be returned to him
okay but not our popcorn
is not for jokes I have not put the entire
tweet later but first let's
comment on this one no the thing is that it is very
funny because when I put this
tweet of course of course people it is
just that I put it to piss people off
obviously I know the
difference is that he likes Willy Red
and we have to eat him brand new because we have to
get along with everyone okay we have to
get along with the cool ones but
Dallas since he was the youtube plague well we
had to laugh at him closing their
channel you understand make the
difference
go on he doesn't like Willy and we have to eat
the support okay and it is literal that friend and
I have nothing personal with it I
don't know him and avoid we have seen
here's a video of his and he's funny he's got
fat and everything you want but he gets
close to people out of interest that's how it is so he gets
close to people out of
convenience and interest that's how it is
now a lot of people will say yes of course ibai doesn't
need it it's not
necessary now that he escapes
way he's still interested in getting along
with the cool guys on the internet we are
and he's not interested at all in having
put this little joke willy he's
interested in getting along with these people
with the eternal ones but kill if he doesn't like
dallas or he doesn't like him well the
hypocrisy double standards of people I'm
going to show you the answer you don't know what
almost everyone has put you know what
almost everyone has put well of
course dallas is the cancer of
youtube the difference is that such is the
case of youtube and willy is a good person and
of course uy he likes him and he doesn't like dallas
and what happens if he puts that and I don't know what and I
don't know how much it's worth
and then you I say yes yes yes yes I
know perfectly well what the difference is I
mean no I didn't put the tweet because  I don't
understand the difference,
I understand the difference, I would be left
without a bass in the monologue, in fact, I was going to
call it Willy but look, [ __ ] it, I
understand the difference
perfectly, what I don't understand is
you hypocrites, I am even more of a
hypocrite, write yes,
you hypocrites, you are even more so because you
are telling me now that Dallas
put that because Dallas is hated and Willy is
loved, didn't you say, didn't you say
that this tweet was a joke and there was
nothing wrong with it, do
n't let this tweet have nothing
wrong with it
because now you are saying to justify it
is that by giving it he deserves it
but Willy doesn't and now now saying that to
say that this one had a joke
was not humor
now we recognize that this tumor
is not that literal is looking at the comments
putting videos of me in the past
criticizing the chair but the thing is that I
realized based on some cockles
people know to explain because before I
half went to love with Dallas and now it is
absurd the differences that there is a
rectification by  half
based on some events that were
proven a change of opinion then over
time we have taken a cronyism
okay but
but it has nothing to do with it was there he does not
retract he acts crazy you
understand me
but look it's
called looking and not admiring someone
is that willy red guest or he seems like a little kid
defending his father at
no time had he said that he is
very old is from
years ago
you are not going to [ __ ] dallas
and there were people who told me that I am the
first to approach now but that comes
now with the second tribal
basically the argument that
people have given me to justify their
god and vice in these tweets is that well it
will be he deserves it but that willy nor
and I say but if you said that
this tweet was humor like the one that now you
are recognizing me that giving them
cancer
if you were saying that this tweet
had nothing wrong that it was a joke
that it was not for giving it to be put on now continue now
continue now
suddenly it is have you seen that yes
and well now this in the dick no
this is a tweet from ibai from 2015  Neymar
is a machine but also an idiot
and here you know people telling me yes
but it's that you now you also
approach Dallas because it suits you for the for
money to lose him for leaving
because people telling me
we have all insulted a player in a
game
that excuse is not valid okay if you are one
thing if you were playing it as a
player you do
not call him an idiot call here
the player stands from the person neymar is a
machine
referring to football but also an
idiot
or rather here he is separating the player from
the person I am telling you all who
have posted here it is normal in football it
is that the you is very old but there were
some tweets that told me that I
move for money and that I go to Dallas let's see
but this but this does not say nor but does not
criticize Dallas what does it have to do with the
criticism of Ibai's hypocrisy
hypocrite that the pse
to the interest and vice associates with the
cool ones with those who interest him and with those that
is what  that he has done and vice has
always been encouraging one another
now he has the bus and
people are interested in getting close to him if I
tell you that he doesn't look at YouTube where there is
a lot of convenience a lot you know what I'm
telling you a lot of convenience a lot of fall it
would be like when they are saying that
but willy is his friend willy his friend
now [ __ ] I mean you can make
buddies on the internet friends there is
this one that I can consider a colleague good
friend some not very little worth what it
leads to consider but friends a
very big word
I mean a very big word friend a
person who is with you in bad times
and if something happens to you or your family and
friends something more than that you get along and
do collaborations I mean williams and
ibai would not be friends if ibai had not
pressed
if he had not pressed we leader would not
talk to him guys please
I think I have an audience that is not
his normal ones no
and that's it and there it goes already in his day well he did not
care to call it investigate but
now he is very excited to have it in
his live because he feels famous period
okay
total that there were people who say that I  I get
closer to the sun that warms more than me
for money I don't know what that I for money I don't know
how much for money the little dog dances
if I put the tribals here look at him
now they suck his [ __ ] they suck his
supported the I don't know what yes
yes good arguments and I
ask them
with whom I collaborated
here with whom I collaborated that is
bigger than me please to gain fame
with whom I collaborated
you think that
you think that if I gave it to him save it let's
go at 8 am and direct one day and we're going to
talk about this subject
you think that I would not come you think that he would
tell me that it
could not be perfectly not
with the only one who brings me to my channel like that
bigger was that I remember in Rome
Roman recently but that's my channel
but you don't think that I could
kick him out of the pot of Dallas let's go
direct a tone I
thought he was going to say no
because I don't do it if he asks me yes
but he knows because I don't ask for it I don't
like to put commitments on anyone nor do I like it when people
think that I know what I'm
telling you
and  many times I would like to because I
like to collaborate with people that I get along with
just like it comes frozen just like it
comes to I would say just like it comes HIV
no this could be perfectly but I
am answering the people who say that I
move by the interest
how many times I have asked to save the
promotions
this the people who say it is not that you are
interested in
how I get along with the sport how I
feel getting along with it is not out of interest
if I were interested in a year and a
half since I have been with him
how many times have I asked him for promotion
or collaboration something like that and I would like
and many times I would like to do debates
with him on topics or talks about
even if he comes here to the live shows for a while
but I do not only say because it is not seen like
how I
feel who came to my channel people
are always the same as me or even
less charisma next to midnight
I am interested why are you
trying to compare me with this you
eat my balls I am the
least interested person who asks for the least promotion or I mean
when someone puts me on their channel or
mentions me or I do not know what it is because it comes
from it and because they feel like it
the other day the argument  this one yes
because people came people came to
tell me to be good I read first your
whatsapp than the messages of the people
but constantly look [ __ ]
the day took it and menu in a video
recently criticized that not only informs
people that you are going to be critical to
people on the subject of the
Russian is the Russian if the youtube is
the Russian of leg the relative and people
began to put in the comments that if it
was for me that he has not informed me that what a
shitty video did not hold and the dallas
but I had done that in my
secondary channel and the dalai had not been
seen that I had taken that and came
running nothing of uploading videos and has
seen them uploaded videos about facts that
people are putting me real guys
who do not do for you
and they start saying the pathetic channels
that they to the iss all talking to the
other day that they for the complaint and
how
the complaint was two years ago
and to this day it continues to this day
you wanted to criticize her I
could not report her for
absolutely anything that I am stupid what do you have
of q1 the  the
complaint has already been resolved, an
agreement is reached and they can't report you
twice for the same thing, what are you going to report me
for? I say, oh Dallas, you're too far
with the IVAI, help the support, I think that here
the channels that say that are idiots,
idiots and manipulators because
publicly and this are on recorded video,
the recorded video is
worth
a recorded video, this is that I didn't talk to him
and I didn't start to get along
after the complaint, the first thing is that
I changed my mind when I realized
that these people had to get rid of me
because I didn't bring any property and there
were things that didn't add up to me, okay, and
that was in January, I didn't even know that I
was reported, okay, about the complaint,
the agreement, we did everything in March and
even after that, in March, when we
resolved the complaint, we did that
live stream together to clear everything up and
we didn't talk, no, I don't
remember, for a long time and we
started to build a relationship little by
little,
like in the summer, at the end of the summer, that's
when we thought, with the relationship,
okay, the
people who say it's because of the complaint
that they are reporting me, they can't report me
for anything if right now  I would like to
make a video criticizing him for contradicting him
or something, so
report it, at least he can report me, I'm not
doing it because I don't think I do
n't see it convenient, I
'm grateful to him, man, let's see,
my report could have been for the
wind beach
and he however, he didn't seek to sink me or
revenge or anything, simply to clean up his
image, the gas habit pays what it
cost me to put it and now he's out, problem
solved
aol, thank you very much,
what do you have if the kid wins it, he's earned it, he's
earned it with
all the things that happen to him, the people who
go after him and everything, he only has one thing won. I
can't go and hit him for
one thing when we've all seen what he's been
through, I
can say it, I've done it many times,
well, in this I don't agree with him, I mean, well, I have
done it, I wouldn't have
done it if it were him or he supported it, I
would have focused it differently. This support
here, I don't think he's worth it but the
people who are there to justify and vice versa,
telling me things comparing my
relationship with Dallas that I'm stupid, threesome,
really, I swear, I'm a
real [ __ ].  I'm a real idiot and
so people did in people
trying to justify by all
means air screens is 9
I cut the cut radu sorry
welcome wrong sorry that we
cut you trying to justify the one who
now looks like the ballet god and I
was going to and the truth is I find it funny he has
seen some live and he is funny he
has charisma okay commenting many
times he comes out very spontaneity and everything you
want but honestly it
seems hypocritical to me it seems hypocritical to me it
seems to me in that rhyme people for according to
convenience and so on okay and these are
all times and streaks and so on okay and that's it
and well guys